Dear Lords & Ladies,

This is a summary from my perspective of what happened on this Kingdom vs. Kingdom event. And a chance for your to share with me your point of view.

First of all, let me start saying that I am trully sorry about how I've reacted to some people before, during and after the event.
It was a first time for me on KVK and leading almost 100 people to victory on this game is not an easy task. 

I've insulted, "shouted" (using caps lock) and sent threatening message to some of you and for that I am sorry. I wanted us all to succeed.

The KVK started a little bit agitated since quite a bit of players werent ready with protective shield activated.

Right of the start our low levels that didnt have protective shield got attacked and a few of us, tried to help them out, efortlessly. 
A few of us, including myself, Bubushi and Taitai lost a good amount of troops trying to defend those. 

Seeing that an attack to defend those people were not a way to go, and reinforcing their castles was too slow, we decided to claim Casterly Rock.
That was a good decision, lead by Taitai which provided us with a good amount of space to rally our troops with a high level Bannerman Hall.

At the Casterly Rock we were unbeatable by those people that came to burn our Castles. We had no troops or resources for them to take, and the rally was too big for them to attack.

While all of this was happening HHH, Apix and Ares were in the enemy Kingdom destroying everyone and capturing all the castles. 

After the initial 4 hours, I had to go to sleep. We were at 6 millions points while they were at 2 million points. 

Came back to the game 10 hours later (missing still 10 hours) and found that Taitai and our troops have defended Casterly Rock from 3 different attacks. That made me proud of all that were there to help.
Found out that we were continuously attacked at the Hive and many lost their troops, since they didnt have any protection shield activated.

A few of our members decided to take revenge to their hands and dared into the enemy territory, killed many of them, but a few ended up caught and came back.

The day went on, with a few enemies showing around our hive, but nothing could be done about it. 

Until close to the end, 4 hours to finish the event, the biggest player of K62 showed up. [368] BLLXu, with T4 troops just wiped every single castle we had left. 
Anyone that were untouched by now, was devastated by him. After a couple of castles destroyed he went away, only minutes later to come back, and invade our Casterly Rock, with 1.2 million troops inside. 
He attacked the Castle with 160k T4 Cavalry and 290k T4 Spearman, nothing more. And killed 500k of our troops and wounding 300k. He took Casterly Rock and left.

The rest of the day I spent capturing the Casterly Rock back from him with only 1 troop, he would come back and re-capture it. I did this 3 to 4 times, until he came and zero'd me. Destroyed all my walls and defenses.

At this point I had 100k troops and went to K62 to gather resource to help a tiny bit on the points and finish the daily quests.

This is my summary of the happening. 

Personally it was a disaster since I lost my troops on my own stupidity, but overall we held Casterly Rock for about 16 to 18 hours, 
which put us in the #10 Alliance Ranking on KVK. In front of Alliances such as BSB (which initially attacked us) or TN2 and only 10 millions points behind WOF.
It's a pretty good accomplishment. That is thanks to everyone that participated! People who held their position, who tried to reinforce castels being attacked, those who rallied on Casterly Rock and the brave ones that went to K62 to attack the enemy.

The ending score was 1.4 billions to K61 vs 1 billion to K62.

If I had another oportunity, with the knowledge I gained, I would do a few different things;

Starting with the warnings, I only sent two warning, which were the first after we received confirmation from Apix (the King) with instruction, only 6 hours prior to the start and the second letter 1 hour before. 
I understant that many have work, school, family and cannot be online at all times. At that I think it was the biggest issue: many people were not ready when we received the instruction from the King. We should have prepared beforehand.

Second, we should have focused on occupying Casterly Rock with troops just enough what our hospitals can have. The rest of the troops should be in the Shelter to avoid loses and giving the enemy extra points.

Well, this is it for me. This is my story and my perspective. If you have any additional suggestion of what could have been done different, please share with me. 

If you want to share your story or your own perspective with the Alliance, send me by letter and I'll send to all of us.

Thank you,

MulaLivre
